==General description==

DbView generates representations of databases.

Currently, DbView provides 3 representations:

* A low detailed representation designed for GraphViz.
* A moderately detailed representation designed for GraphViz.
* A highly detailed representation designed for GraphViz.

DbView provides functionalities designed to ease the exploitation of large databases:

* Possibility to zoom around a given set of tables.
* Possibility to calculate the path(s) between two tables.

Also, if you work on a large number of databases, DbView includes a way to manage databases' profiles. Profiles act as shortcuts when you need to designate an input database. Instead of providing a long list of parameters, you only have to provide the name of a profile. This saves times and avoid errors.

Please note that DBVIEW is a command line tool.

==Requirement==

In order to use DbView, you need the following softwares:

* Java 6 (available for Windows, Mac OS, linux).
* GraphViz (available for Windows, Mac OS, linux).

See the online documentation : http://beurive.com/dbview_requirement.html

==Installation==

DbView does not need any specific installation procedure. Just unizp the archive in the directory you want to install it.

See the online documentation : http://beurive.com/dbview_installation.html

==Usage==

DBVIEW is a command line tool.

See the online documentation : http://beurive.com/dbview.html

==JavaDoc==

You can browse the JavaDoc online: http://beurive.com/data/dbview/index.html

You can also generate the JavaDoc yourself. You need "ant" and "doxygen" : ant doc

==Author==

Denis BEURIVE

==Licence==

GPL




